Modified output plugin docs (#12)
vaibhav-yb/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/key-concepts.md

All these plugins are pre-packaged with YugabyteDB and do not require any external installation.

> The plugin `yboutput` is Yugabyte specific. It is similar to `pgoutput` in most aspects. The only difference being that replica identity `CHANGE` is not supported in `pgoutput`. All other plugins support replica identity `CHANGE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note title="Note" >}}

The plugin `yboutput` is YugabyteDB specific. It is similar to `pgoutput` in most aspects. The only difference being that replica identity `CHANGE` is not supported in `pgoutput`. All other plugins support replica identity `CHANGE`.

{{</note>}}
```
